Edits to bulk RNA-seq results section (#180)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/03.results.md

## Analysis of bulk RNA-seq

Several projects in the ScPCA Portal contain bulk RNA-seq data in addition to single-cell/nuclei RNA-seq data.
Previous research has suggested that, compared to bulk RNA-seq, single-cell/nuclei RNA-seq technologies may fail to capture certain cell types [@doi:10.1038/s41587-020-0465-8], for example, due to technical aspects of library preparation.
We therefore asked whether we could identify differences in biological signal between these two modalities that may suggest distinct cell type distributions.

> We specifically focused on ScPCA projects with solid tumors, considered only non-multiplexed samples with both sequencing modalities, and excluded low-quality single-cell/nuclei libraries.

Reviewer: I feel like excluding multiplexed is not so important as to be the first thing mentioned.
```suggestion
We specifically focused on ScPCA projects with solid tumors, considering only samples with both sequencing modalities, and excluded low-quality single-cell/nuclei libraries and multiplexed samples.
```
